right back with a late break it's almost
4 45 I got a few breaks actually I got a
radiance to blacks and an exquisite
rookies these are actually three
different breaks top ones for Brian J
s14 2004 Kyle mAbs 624 and the exquisite
switch trotty 14 so if you see this
video and you see your break it'll be
coming up after this one let's start
with the radiance oh yeah okay I don't
know one asks for the sword I just
thought I've used it 12 we're good Brian
he has four piles 12 see what happens
three packs like that let's see Gerald
Wallace number 2 2 99 Ray Allen 299
autograph of marreese Speights not
number i'm sorry number 2 2 99
decoy and legacy of Jordan XE Andrew
Bynum 299 a Redemption I'll save that
one for a second George Hill and decoy
and Jordan never dump Shin is marc gasol
rookie go see or to auto number 2 2 99
George Hill in Jordan that was a decoy
who al Dane then Gordon Sable's hot box
maybe there'll be another Bowl DJ white
and an autograph Marvin Williams I don't
think they number these two and then the
Jordan okay all right there you have a
by now preciate it buddy and I'll get
all these cardboard out to you man
thanks again see ya